# project-05
Neural Nets and emotion prediction model

Steps to RUN:
1) Run mulitple servers by opening different Eclipse projects and running the GUI.java in the Core directory.
2) For convenience I have already collected Brain data and it is preset in CSVDumps as 1594.csv, so you only need to collect data on port 1593 (Corresponding to Face simulator)
3) I have done the above step to avoid any mismatch in the data format coming from multiple sources.
4) Finish the data collection on the client by clicking on stop button.
5) Once all the clients are in stop state , navigate to "Results" tab and click on Generate Results button to run the machine learning scripts on the backend.
6) The python scripts merges the CSV files, replaces missing values and outliers with the mean and passes the file to a 3D graph generator.
7) The 3D graph is generated by normalizing the merged.csv files into a list of 3D vectors namely Pleasure, Arousal and Dominance.
8) The images generated are passed to the emotion detection model created using Keras to predict the class the image belongs to ie. Happy, Neutral or Sad. 
9) The images used to train the model can be found under TrainingImages/.
10) The analysis will take a bit of time, once done the probabilities of Happy, Neutral and Sad are shown on a graph in  the Results tab of the GUI.

NOTE: The above procedures to generate results requires python3. The local path to your python executable can be modified in Client/AnalyzeData.java at line number 12.

Team members: Sumanth Paranjape | Shashidhar Reddy Vanteru | Srivan Reddy Gutha | Surya Cherukuri | Narendra Mohan | Vaibhav 
